hey what's up guys and welcome to the
parkour 100 and welcome to the second
installment welcome to the third
installment of the parkour 100 let's go
okay we can do this we can do this come
on guys we're professionals we can do
this let's do this no no so close
welcome to the orphan storm and welcome
to the diffence torment welcome to these
safe installment of the parkour 100
we've got this we've got this god this
we are on a roll god this week we're
doing great today oh I was wrong why is
this so hard oh this is unbelievable
damn it I don't know about you guys but
I make bad decisions when I'm on fire
why why would you do that no no no that
was so unbelievably difficult and I have
no idea why welcome to the safe
installment welcome to the seventh
installment welcome to the something
some things installment of the parkour
100 it's a brand new day is a brand new
challenge let's do this it can only get
better from here this isn't hard this
isn't the harvesters and we can do this
no new challenge presents itself
oh god Fez morph
welcome to the final installment of the
park or 100 Oh
my god no no no no no no don't ever let
the done at that though that the da da
dun dun crap victory no way la first
time guys
first time challenge number 40 yes yes
yes yes 21 yes yes yes challenge number
62 yes yes yes
congratulations hi find me somebody
high-five me all around all around oh
god that was so bad